OSDOCS-9437: adds audit log config policies MicroShift (#75233)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-audit-logs-config-intro.adoc

//
// * microshift_configuring/microshift-audit-logs-config.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="microshift-audit-logs-config-intro_{context}"]
= About setting limits on audit log files

Using configuration values to control audit log file rotation and retention can help keep far-edge devices from exceeding limited storage capacities. On such devices, logging data accumulation can limit host system or cluster workloads, potentially making the device stop working. Setting audit log policies can help ensure that critical processing space is continually available.]

Together, the values you set to limit audit logs enable you to enforce the size, number, and age limits of audit log backups. Field values are processed independently of one another and without prioritization. You can set fields in combination to define a maximum storage limit for retained logs. For example:

* Set both `maxFileSize` and `maxFiles` to create a log storage upper limit.
* Set a `maxFileAge` value to automatically delete files older than the timestamp in the file name, regardless of the `maxFiles` value.

[id="Default-audit-log-values_{context}"]
== Default audit log values

> {microshift-short} includes the following default audit log rotation values:
> 
> The `maxFileSize` default is 200Mb.
> The `maxFiles` default is 10 files.
> The `maxFileAge` default is 0, meaning there is no default age limit.
> 
> Therefore, the default maximum storage consumption of audit logs is 2000Mb, provided that there are 10 or fewer files.
> 
> If you do not specify a value for a field, the default value is used. If you remove a field previously set, the default value is restored after the next {microshift-short} service restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{microshift-short} supports the following default values for the audit log rotation:

* `maxFileSize`: The default value is `200`.
* `maxFiles`: The default value is `10`.
* `maxFileAge`: The default value is `0`, which means that there is no default age limit.

Therefore, the maximum storage usage of audit logs is 2000 MB, assuming there are 10 or less files.

If you do not specify a value for a field, the default value is used. If you remove a previously specified field, the default value is restored after the next {microshift-short} service restart.
```
